Hello everyone today, I'll tell you in the review
about our Kazan fast food
why kazakh because i just
I am sure that there are no other cities
he is called so the magician is a pizzeria
somewhere two years ago they are about
started their activities and had just
huge success and all because closed
the pizza was very tasty just for
I have 45 rubles from yours at the beginning or 40
rubles well somewhere so pizza did
with sausage with chicken, mushrooms and cheese
in my opinion everything and also they still had
just who knows tatar cooking
these are round like pies too
chicken and potatoes there but this is me separately
inter not do so here so smear
It looks like a bag like this
pizzerias this magician so everything is simple
done half an hour ago here so here it is
looks like
that's what pizza
closed complexity two times is pizza with
mushrooms
it costs 65 rubles just as well
thickness now i'll pull for a second i
for reviews with me I drive a car
Here's a towel so that the seat does not finish
so i will bed
pull out a bag and it's this here
pizza kapitsa so she wrapped in
such a plateau gold in two
times but then the mushrooms
ketchup mayonnaise so while i take away
so here it has become very popular where
two years ago
due to the fact that the pizza was delicious
principle, one thing was enough for a person
to have a normal nourishing meal and cost
only 45 rubles it was very
important for students this magician
appeared somewhere in the city center on
ring who knows now I'll open it
I'll try the only negative thing here
a lot of ketchup and mayonnaise and need
be sure to keep in the package because
it happens to the other side
cake
not rich so dense of dense
test
very certainly very nourishing mushrooms can be seen
do not immediately touch 6 cheese because
yellow sliced there
the taste of mushrooms is very clear all the time
taste of mushrooms
number put this you look how many
for a long time did not go because I did not take
Of course, we get better with her
Sika too lazy to buy for dinner before when
i worked in the ring we often we
came to buy
one pizza was enough for lunch well
in the same place you will not take a drink
can not be due to the cinema is added cheese
because there are a lot of mushrooms here
here I don't really like mushrooms
from a small entry pit bought now
but stopped the car drowned out
put the camera set up cops
drive up steel right and smart
shorter glass
Well, I think so it will not go all folded
went another place chose a forgotten god
a place
whale old houses on the left
new building
healthy people no one is all laid out
put everything turned on the security camera
drove from the other side became shorter and
looks cut horror here is my third
parking came new c
his caretakers that bus
car then cops then people go
are watching
here is a piece so
peach juice is what's winning
thank you all for watching
sorry from what you do not have in a city
pizzerias that magician here and you just do not
destiny to try and those who are in Kazan
fate try so put huskies
write your comments and do not forget
subscribe to the channel to not
skip the following videos to everyone bye